It was an average friday, I came home from school to do some maintenance
on the board.  When I got home my sister came up to me and said "these bad
lookin' dudes came to our door lookin' fer you!" in a kidding tone.  She 
thought they had the wrong house.  I was kind of  suspicious, ignoring it I
went upstairs.  Then the doorbell rang.  My sister answered the door, it was
the same men asking for me as before.  She still insisted to them that they
had the wrong house.  There is no one living here by that name.  They said
"we just saw him walk in the house..."  Obviously the jerks were stationed
outside waiting for something to happen.  It turned out that they did have
the wrong name but the right house (clueless idiots).  My sister realized
that they were talking about me and corrected them in the name.  I came to
the door to see what was going on.  There were four men, three Secret Service
Agents (Moe, Larry and Curly as mentioned before) and one local police cop
(oink oink oink).  Like, "spot the Secret Service men in this picture!", they
were totally obvious!  Sunglasses, trench coats and a brief cases, which I
doubt anything was in there except their bag lunches.  They all showed their
two cent badges (real proud like, but almost embarrassed).  Having no choice
(well, I didn't want to complicate the situation) I let the losers in and we
sat at a table.  My mother was still at work.  They started to fill me in
on the background and they were investigating names that were thrown at them
threw their sources (Gee, I wonder who that was? Must have been two big losers
by the name of The Silencer and Chris R.  Gee, what friends eh?  Aren't you
lucky you know them!).  They got their biological questions like, age, date of
birth, color, etc.  Then they asked me if I knew anything about the present
situation they were investigating (You know what I mean.. Plastic things with
numbers on them. I still want to refrain from directly quoting what the jerks
were looking for in order to avoid some idiotic charge against me).  I said I
knew nothing about it, only what I heard from other people and boards.  My
sister insisted that I don't say anything until my mother was present.  They
really didn't want that (those sly mothers...).  But having no choice they
waited for my mother to get home.  Sitting with the Secret Service men was
great fun!  Listening to their boring conversations with each others.  I asked
them "I thought the 'Secret Service' only job was to protect the president."
They said they also protect things dealing with the treasury in any shape or
form (oh really?).  Then I told them that I thought it was rather funny that
they thought there was a "ring".  Then Larry (a Secret Service agent) turned
his head to Moe (an agent) and said "He finds this funny...".  Like they were
taking notes or something, that's all I needed for them to use verbal quotes
against me.  I had to sudden urge to start saying four letters words to their
faces, but it was all non-verbal.  I guess "its the thought that counts"!